Release129 docs update (#59)
tokens-studio/plugin-docs: pages/available-tokens/dimension-tokens.en.mdx

# Dimension tokens

> You can use the Dimension token to define an amount of distance and can be used in a wide range of applications. The dimension token is always bound to a specific unit, either px or rem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Dimension token to define a distance and can be used in a wide range of applications, such as spacing, sizing, border width, border radius, background blur. The dimension token is always bound to a specific unit, either px or rem. It cannot be used unitless.
```
